Add note to GH pages (#259)
Awesome-Technologies/synapse-admin: README.md

This project is built using [react-admin](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/).

## Usage

### Supported Synapse

It needs at least [Synapse](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse) v1.42.0 for all functions to work as expected!

You get your server version with the request `/_synapse/admin/v1/server_version`.
See also [Synapse version API](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/develop/admin_api/version_api.html).

After entering the URL on the login page of synapse-admin the server version appears below the input field.

### Prerequisites

You need access to the following endpoints:

- `/_matrix`
- `/_synapse/admin`

See also [Synapse administration endpoints](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/develop/reverse_proxy.html#synapse-administration-endpoints)

### Use without install

You can use the current version of Synapse Admin without own installation direct
via [GitHub Pages](https://awesome-technologies.github.io/synapse-admin/).

**Note:**
It is highly recommended to [deploy an own environment](#step-by-step-install),
so that the admin endpoints (`/_synapse/admin`) do not have to be exposed to

> the internet.

Reviewer: Since the app runs in the browser you have not to expose the endpoints to the internet :) 

I'm using the feature without having exposed my admin endpoints

But you cannot use localhost:XYZ/_synapse since most browsers do not allow the access to localhost for other sites (afaik)

Author: Yes, you are right. You can also set an IP filter in webserver. How to explain for not IT professionals?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the deployment, you have to make sure that the admin endpoints (`/_synapse/admin`) are accessible for your browser.
**Remember: You have no need to expose these endpoints to the internet but to your network.**
If you want your own deployment, follow the [Step-By-Step Install Guide](#step-by-step-install) below.
```
